Hey, all.  It's come to our attention that some players have misconceptions
and questions about what's going on with combat, so I'm gonna post a rough
update.

Firstly, yes, we're bringing combat back.  No, you do not have to run around
killing mobs as a prerequisite to having a decent pfile.  Levels will still be
determined through RP, and code power will still be impacted largely by RP
and RP ability.  We're just adding more ways to represent a character's
abilities, and some of them (such as combat skills) can be increased by using them in
code combat.  Pkilling will remain the same as it was in MM2, such that a
legal pkill as the result of RP will result in the death of the victim.

Once we get the skeleton system (meaning a fully running combat system but
without all of the details we've laid the foundation for), it will be brought
in.  We will continue adding to it extensively as we go. 

The aim of this system is to balance gameplay with a more realistic IC way
viewing combat on a mud.  We've gotten rid of the grid system, since it was
unpopular and caused enormous problems with retainers and mobs and multiple groups
fighting each other.  Combat has three major settings that allow users to
manually input commands as much or as little as they want.  For policy purposes,
priority goes to the fastest setting (manual, semi-auto or automatic) of any
combatant, so that when somebody starts supermanning to the point of being
ridiculous, a more senior combatant can once again say 'eff this' and pkill the
bugger in short order.  On the other extreme, if you want to supplement your
emote fight with manual commands, you can do that, too.

We're bringing back options that allow you to control your style and how much
you're exerting yourself, at any point during (or before) combat.  The code
also tracks the number and types of wounds to bodyparts, such that the wounds
you take hamper your ability to fight.  A character's combat status includes a
number of new, more IC fields, although this info is presented to players in a
more general fashion than the complicated number tracking that the code
handles.  You can eventually pass out and/or die from losing blood over one good
stab wound even if your HPs are still high, pass out from fatigue, and walk away
with wounds that heal over time (or kill you later) and can be healed with
channeling or first-aid skills.

We'll also be recalculating things like stats and HPs, since currently
they're not really relative to anything concrete, and, IMO, are kinda stupid.  25
strength means what, exactly? Nobody's code stats represent their IC characters
anymore, so we're endeavoring to fix that.  Combat will be much more realistic
than just keeping track of the number of times you can get stabbed before you
die, and deals with a lot more than simple HP totals (which are now just
benchmarks for other calculations).

Yeah, anyway, blah blah.  If you've got any questions, feel free to ask.  If
you have any complaints like 'I want to keep turn based combat as it is',
seriously, get off my mud.
